# vim: ft=conf


# font
font-size = 10
adjust-underline-position = 4
font-family-bold = "Fira Code"

# background
background-opacity=0.9
theme = catppuccin-mocha

copy-on-select = true

# keybinds

keybind = super+left=previous_tab
keybind = super+right=next_tab

keybind = super+shift+r=reload_config
keybind = super+shift+enter=new_split:auto

keybind = ctrl+e>left=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+e>right=goto_split:right

keybind = ctrl+e>up=goto_split:top
keybind = ctrl+e>down=goto_split:bottom

keybind = ctrl+e>-=new_split:down
keybind = ctrl+e>shift+\=new_split:right
keybind = ctrl+e>equal=equalize_splits
keybind = ctrl+e>w=close_surface
keybind = ctrl+e>z=toggle_split_zoom
#keybind = super+h=goto_split:left


# Window
gtk-single-instance = true
gtk-tabs-location = bottom
gtk-wide-tabs = false
window-padding-y = 2,0
window-padding-balance = true
macos-titlebar-style           = tabs
#window-decoration = false

# other
clipboard-trim-trailing-spaces = true
macos-auto-secure-input        = true
macos-secure-input-indication  = true
link-url = true

shell-integration = zsh
shell-integration-features = cursor,sudo,no-title

